hello youtubers made a video a few
minutes ago and I hated it so I decided
to start another one reading this
horrible book called Anna Karenina for
school it's 800 pages of pain and
suffering so anyway it's awful good
thing is it's in English I'm like last
year where we had to read The Odyssey
and Iliad which is all like by my truck
I declare unto you kill yes the god of
sneezes will bring wrath and pigs upon
your family and then it's like they took
forever to say what they're going to say
Oh Pandarus I'm about to tell you
something fairly I shall say it to you
soon the time draws nigh where this
thing that i will tell you will emit
from my mouth and barely to you and love
la la la la and then like the slightest
thing and they go into depression and
they become suicidal like holy cats she
doesn't like me oh god my life it's
going away I will slay myself by young
sword I shall thrust it in GE heart and
faulty on death there's like 400 pages
of getting ready to do anything before
they even said something they had to
prepare you by describing their eyebrow
or they're the stupid son or what the
villagers look like it was horrible last
year we read all these books like Billy
and all that stuff it's all about God's
and stuff having an affair this summary
Anna Karenina is all about Russia was
having affairs it's horrible okay this
is the story this guy cheats on his wife
they get better or this lady helps them
get better his name is Anna Karenina so
she's all happy but then she meets this
guy who this other girl likes and wants
to marry and she does not marry this
other guy because she likes this guy who
analects anna falls in love with him
they have an affair and then but anna is
married and so she's now she like hates
her husband she wants to be with this
guy and so they get together but then
she's mad and she
it's mad at her husband and they can't
get a divorce and then the girl who
liked the guy in the Anna Marie now she
likes the guy who she said no to when he
asked her to marry her and so then she
falls in love with him they get married
then they start fighting and Anna heard
that girl is flirting with another guy
and then the guy the girl in the
beginning of the book who whose husband
cheated on her now she wants to cheat on
someone like Anna because it's fun and
then this other random lady falls in
love with the husband of Anna Karenina
and then the guy who married the girl
who liked the guy that Anna married or
is cheating with like Zanna too and so
now it's horrible luckily and it dies in
the end so it all works out oh yeah
these are my troubles you think you
haven't been
Wow
like chocolate line
there